LUM Data Academy - Welcome!

Hello {{ user.get_full_name|default:user.username }}!

🎉 Congratulations! Your email has been successfully verified and your LUM Data Academy account is now active!

Welcome to our vibrant community of data enthusiasts, where we're committed to Equipping Africa with Future-Ready Data Skills.

YOUR ACCOUNT IS READY!
You can now access all our platform features and start your data science journey.

Access your dashboard: {{ login_url }}

WHAT'S NEXT?

📚 Explore Our Course Offerings:
- Beginner Courses: Python for Data Analytics, Excel Fundamentals, AI Basics  
- Intermediate Programs: Data Science, Machine Learning, Business Intelligence
- Advanced Specializations: Cloud + AI, Advanced Analytics, Research Methods
- Masterclasses: Agentic AI, Industry-Specific Applications

🌟 Platform Features You Can Access:
- Learning Resources: Course materials, tutorials, and downloadable PDFs
- Community Access: Connect with fellow learners and instructors  
- Progress Tracking: Monitor your learning journey and achievements
- Career Support: Job placement assistance and career guidance

💡 Quick Start Tips:
1. Complete your profile to get personalized course recommendations
2. Browse our course catalog and find programs that match your goals
3. Join our WhatsApp community for instant updates and discussions
4. Follow us on social media for tips, success stories, and industry insights

NEED HELP GETTING STARTED?
Our support team is here to help! Reach out via WhatsApp at +254 768 998 305 or email us at info@lumdataacademy.org

We're thrilled to have you as part of the LUM Data Academy family. Together, we'll unlock your potential and shape the future of data science in Africa!

Ready to transform your career with data skills? Let's get started! 🚀

Warmest welcome,
The LUM Data Academy Team
David Joel - CEO & Co-founder

---
LUM Data Academy
Equipping Africa with Future-Ready Data Skills
Website: lumdataacademy.org
Email: info@lumdataacademy.org
WhatsApp: +254 768 998 305